[Autogenerated] Now we've got a new review site.
Syfy Pens.
Let's try on the question.
What is age West?
Direct Connect 80 West Don't Connect provides private,
dedicated, always own collective, eh?
So we no longer use the public Internet to send out
traffic from on premise into the cloud.
When using direct Connect, we rule out traffic through a Col occasion provider.
These echolocation providers provide connectivity between
arm promised network on the local aid.
West Region Direct Connect is available in multiple bandmate choices,
depending on your performance requirements on how much money have to spend.
You can buy one gig are 10 gig dad can't connections,
and if you go for a hosted connection,
you can buy bandwidth from 50 megabits and up.
We'll talk more about bandwidth choices and now,
direct connect module, let on the cause.
One thing that we should keep in the forefront of our mind
when using direct connect is that Direct Connect does not
provide encryption for our packets.
If you require encryption,
we can create a VPN across the top of our direct connect circuit,
and again,
we'll talk more about that in a direct connect module
littering the course in this example.
We have our local address region and we have a V P.
C deployed to that region.
We could also see service Is that public endpoints such as s3 and dynamodb,
the host in that region as well?
On the right inside here we have our headquarters and in
the middle we have a code location.
Silly AWS would've placed direct connect equipment in the cooler cache of Cilic
and connected that equipment to the local ageless region.
You will make a connection between your offices on the cola and then
you'll request the direct connect circuit from a divorce On based on
the details that Edwards provide you,
the car location facility will quit a cross connect
connecting your equipment in the car location of Scylla
with the direct connect equipment.
Once this collective it is established,
we can create virtual interfaces to allow results.
Is deployed on premise to collect the results in R V.
P.
C.
I'm Kent Public Service like s3 through the direct connect connection.
Remember our three globe manic scenarios.
Familia have a little think about them on which of these
three globe Monix scenarios will benefit from a direct
connect connection well off the three.
The line of business application deployed to AWS access by the
Glow Max employees and also the on premise deployed application
using X three for a most college.
Unlike a site site, VPN,
we can now access these public s 10 points all fire ______,
Connect connection.
Instead of having to use into that,
both of these applications will benefit from the
dedicated bandwidth and high fruit.
Put that direct connect office again.
Our custom applications deployed 20 breasts wouldn't benefit
from direct connect cause that customers a vaccine application through public endpoints.